Add text for registering and help with dockers, before install (#176)
ROCm/rocm-install-on-linux: docs/how-to/native-install/install-faq.rst

Refer to `RCCL Issue #1129 <https://github.com/ROCm/rccl/issues/1129>`_ for more information. 

.. _troubleshooting-install-missing-packages-for-dockers:

> Issue #6: Additional packages for dockers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue #6: Additional packages for Docker installations

```

================================================

> Docker containers may not include some basic packages.  When installing ROCm within docker containers, you may need to install packages prior to following the ROCm install instructions. Here are some suggested steps when using docker containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker images often come with minimal installations, meaning some essential packages might be missing. When installing ROCm within a Docker container, you might need to install additional packages for a successful ROCm installation. Use the following commands to install the prerequisite packages.
```

.. tab-set::

  .. tab-item:: Ubuntu

    .. code-block:: shell

      apt update
      apt install sudo wget

  .. tab-item:: RHEL

    .. code-block:: shell

      dnf install sudo wget

>       subscription-manager register --username <username> --password <password>
>       subscription-manager attach --auto
>       subscription-manager repos --enable codeready-builder-for-rhel-9-x86_64-rpms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      subscription-manager register --username <username> --password <password>
      subscription-manager attach --auto
      subscription-manager repos --enable codeready-builder-for-rhel-9-x86_64-rpms

```

Maybe we can remove from this part because we talk about registering in the next section

Author: I think we'll leave this part for now.  I know it's a bit redundant, but I just want it covered for now.

  .. tab-item:: SLES

    .. code-block:: shell

>       zypper install sudo wget SUSEConnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      zypper install sudo wget SUSEConnect

```

      SUSEConnect -r <REGCODE>
      SUSEConnect -p sle-module-desktop-application/15.4/x86_64
      SUSEConnect -p sle-module-development-tools/15.4/x86_64
      SUSEConnect -p PackageHub/15.4/x86_64

> After installing these packages and registering using your license for enterprise linux, you can install ROCm following the :doc:`quick start guide <../../tutorial/quick-start>` in your docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing these packages and :ref:`registering using your license for Enterprise Linux <register-enterprise-linux>` (if applicable), install ROCm following the :doc:`Quick start installation guide <../../tutorial/quick-start>` in your Docker container.

```
